# Design Systems
A list of famous design systems, design languages and guidelines


1. Material Design by Google  
https://material.io/

2. Atlassian Design Language  
https://atlassian.design/ 

3. Fluent Design System by Microsoft  
https://www.microsoft.com/design/fluent/

4. Help Scout Guidelines  
https://style.helpscout.com/visual-elements/

5. Apple Human Interface Guidelines  
https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/

6. Polaris By Shopify  
https://polaris.shopify.com/

7. Carbon Design System By IBM  
https://www.carbondesignsystem.com/

8. Ant Design  
https://ant.design/docs/spec/introduce

9. Anvil Design System By ServiceTitan  
https://anvil.servicetitan.com/

10. Alta UI by Oracle  
https://www.oracle.com/webfolder/ux/middleware/alta/index.html

11. Audi Brand Appearance  
https://www.audi.com/ci/en/intro/brand-appearance.html

12. Uber Brand Guidelines  
https://brand.uber.com/guide

13. U.S. Web Design System (USWDS)  
https://designsystem.digital.gov/

14. Australina Government Design System  
https://designsystem.gov.au/

15. Bolt Design System  
https://boltdesignsystem.com/

16. Clarity Design System by VMware  
https://clarity.design/

17. Spectrum by Adobe  
https://spectrum.adobe.com/

18. Welcome UI  
http://welcome-ui.com/

19. Zendesk Garden  
https://garden.zendesk.com/

20. Yelp Styleguide  
https://www.yelp.com/styleguide

21. Vercel Design  
https://vercel.com/design

22. Barista  
https://barista.dynatrace.com/

23. Biings Design System  
https://biings.design/#/

24. Asphalt Design Language  
https://asphalt.gojek.io/

25. Evergreen By Segment  
https://evergreen.segment.com/

26. Feelix By MYOB  
https://feelix.myob.com/

27. AT UI  
https://at-ui.github.io/at-ui/

28. Elastic UI  
https://elastic.github.io/eui/

29. ETRADE Design Language  
https://etrade.design/

30. Aurora Design System by Government of Canada  
https://design.gccollab.ca/

31. Pallete by Artsy  
https://palette.artsy.net/

32. Elementary OS Human Interface Guidelines  
https://elementary.io/en/docs/human-interface-guidelines

33. NSW Design System  
https://www.digital.nsw.gov.au/digital-design-system

34. Comet  
https://comet.discoveryeducation.com/

35. Code for America  
http://style.codeforamerica.org/

36. MongoDB Design System  
http://mongodb.design/

37. Marvel App Style Guide  
https://marvelapp.com/styleguide/

38. CNVS UI System  
https://mesosphere.github.io/cnvs/

39. Wonderbly Design System  
http://design-system.lostmy.name/

40. Lonely Planet Style Guide  
https://rizzo.lonelyplanet.com/styleguide/design-elements/colours

41. Lexicon by Liferay  
https://liferay.design/lexicon/

42. Duet Design System  
https://www.duetds.com/

43. Cedar Design System  
https://rei.github.io/rei-cedar-docs/

44. Future Learn Design System  
https://design-system.futurelearn.com/

45. Fish Tank by Bloomberg  
https://fishtank.bna.com/

46. Louder Than Ten  
https://manual.louderthanten.com/

47. Ray by WeWork  
https://ray.wework.com/

48. Lightning Design System by Salesforce
https://lightningdesignsystem.com/

49. Braid Design System by SEEK
https://github.com/seek-oss/braid-design-system

